BPP Project Open Issues
-----------										7/9/2018

1. MACSS LOA Save (LOAAUTHENTER) needs to have image (Auth_i_link_loc_tx) added to save.  - Done
2. MACSS LOA Read (LOAAUTHREVIEW) not returning good image name data.  The rest of the data is being returned correctly. - Done
3. Save return message to include "ERROR" or "SUCCESS" as the start of the message.
4. Interfacing with Doc-u-mentum needs to be developed and tested for reading and saving files. - Done
5. Definition of screens needed for black listing. - LOA Auditing.
6. Make provider name list to include long name.  - Done
7. MACSS LOA Save (LOAAUTHENTER) needs to have Auth_i_chgd_tx added to save interface.  - Done
8. Getting the environment setup with data and configuration where the entire application is fully functional.
9. For the View LOA by Provider screen, functionality for returning multiple LOA's based on provider, request start date,
   and request end date.
	a. input fields to be sent to LOA Read (LOAAUTHREVIEW) to hold the request start date and request end date range
	b. data structure returned from the call in the response containing the list of LOA's
10. When creating a new LOA for the same existing SDI and provider, the dates are the same values as the old LOA's. - Done
11. Add informaional images and messages to all input controls.  Messages are to be determined per Diana.
12. Add calendar extender to end date. - Done
13. Get Shadow service for creating an audit
14. Get shadow service for reading an audit by audit name
15. Get shadow service for saving an audit
16. Get shadow service for reading list of exiting audit names
14. Adjust the LOA file name format to not include LOA Start Date. - Done  test - Done
15. Validate all SDI entries
16. Make documentum path a web config value. - Done
17. Get Hadoop connection completed to get the 15 min data.
	- Hadoop data model for 15 minute data (table name and column names).
18. Get shadow service for reading matching Loa data rows by search criteria SDI, provider, startDate, endDate, source, 
	returns an array to be placed into lOASearchResults.
19. Add black list pages.
20. Get shadow services to support black list pages.
21. Add display name to screens.
22. Get shadow service for providers to include display name.
23. Get shadow services for black list pages